feat(deploy) update release note (#1065)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

### Archives
#### Contract data
Bonita 7.10 now allows (in Enterprise and Performance editions) to disable the archiving of Contract Data, to improve the platform performance. More details as to how [here](configurable-archive.md).

### Project deployment in Studio

> There is a new _Deploy..._ action in the Studio that let you [deploy a whole project](project_deploy_in_studio.md) (or a subset) in the embedded runtime environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a new _Deploy..._ action in Bonita Studio that lets you [deploy a whole project](project_deploy_from_studio.md) (or a subset) in the embedded runtime environment.
```

> There is a new _Deploy..._ action in the Studio that let you [deploy a whole project](project_deploy_in_studio.md) (or a subset) in the embedded runtime environment.

Author: ```suggestion
There is a new _Deploy..._ action in Bonita Studio that lets you [deploy a whole project](project_deploy_in_studio.md) (or a subset) in the embedded runtime environment.
```
